ignore_module file ignores module paths in init/deinit/update (#21)
kitspace/kicad_footprints: README.md

If you are stuck on KiCad version 4 or version 5 can use the `kicad-4` or the `kicad-5` branch. These branches are not being updated though.

#### Ignoring Modules

> Create a file 'ignore_modules'. Add regexp patterns per line for module names to ignore. If doing this having already run './init', create the ignore file, then run './deinit'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a file `ignore_modules.txt` and add a sub-string to match per line for module names to ignore. For example to ignore the official KiCad modules from this repo (since they are already included with KiCad) `ignore_modules.txt` would be:

    kicad-official

If adding lines to `ignore_modules.txt` having already run `./init` then run `./deinit` to de-register the modules affected by the lines. 
```
